Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. Technical writing communicates complex information clearly and precisely. Essential in fields such as engineering and IT, it includes creating manuals, reports, and documentation to guide users and professionals. 


User's Manual
   Nikon Manual Viewer 2
Use the Nikon Manual Viewer 2 app to view
manuals anytime, anywhere on your smartphone or
tablet. En
 
For a complete guide to using your camera, see the Reference Manual (0 iv). To get the most from your camera, please be sure to read this User’s Manual thoroughly and keep it where it will be read by all who use the product.
Symbols and Conventions
To make it easier to find the information you need, the following symbols and conventions are used:
  D
 0
 This icon marks references to other pages in this manual.
 This icon marks cautions; information that should be read before use to prevent damage to the camera.
  A
 This icon marks notes; information that should be read before using the camera.
      Menu items, options, and messages displayed in the camera monitor are shown in bold.
Camera Settings
The explanations in this manual assume that default settings are used.
Nikon Manual Viewer 2
Install the Nikon Manual Viewer 2 app on your smartphone or tablet to view Nikon digital camera manuals, anytime, anywhere. Nikon Manual Viewer 2 can be downloaded free of charge from the App Store and Google Play. Download of the app and any product manuals requires an Internet connection, for which fees may be levied by your phone or Internet service provider.
A For Your Safety
         Before using the camera for the first time, read the safety instructions in “For Your Safety” (0 viii–xi).
 
Package Contents

USER’S MANUAL
ORIGINAL INSTRUCTIONS
 ENGLISH
 FRANÇAIS
                         DEUTSCH
                                                   SRK25ZMP-S SRK35ZMP-S SRK45ZMP-S
AIR-CONDITIONER
MANUEL DE L’UTILISATEUR CLIMATISEUR
ANWENDERHANDBUCH KLIMAGERA ̈ T
ISTRUZIONI PER L’USO CONDIZIONATORE D’ARIA
MANUAL DEL PROPIETARIO ACONDICIONADOR DE AIRE
GEBRUIKERSHANDLEIDING AIRCONDITIONING
MANUAL DO UTILIZADOR APARELHO DE AR CONDICIONADO
ΟΔΗΓΙΕΣ ΧΡΗΣΗΣ ΚΛΙΜΑΤΙΣΤΙΚΟ
РУКОВОДСТВО ПО ЭКСПЛУАТАЦИИ КОНДИЦИОНЕР ВОЗДУХА
KULLANIM KILAVUZU
Este acondicionador de aire cumple con la directiva EMC: 2004/ 108/EC, LV Directiva 2006/95/EC.
Deze airconditioner voldoet aan EMC Directive 2004/108/EC, LV Directive 2006/95/EC.
Este aparelho de ar condicionado está em conformidade com a Directiva EMC 2004/108/EC e a Directiva LV 2006/95/EC.
∞ ̆Ùfi ÙÔ ÎÏÈÌ·ÙÈÛÙÈÎfi Â›Ó·È Û‡ÌÊˆÓÔ ÌÂ ÙÈ ̃ ÚÔ‰È·ÁÚ·Ê¤ ̃ ÙË ̃ √‰ËÁ›· ̃ EMC 2004/108/EK Î·È ÙË ̃ √‰ËÁ›· ̃ LV 2006/95/EK.
ITALIANO
     ESPAN ̃ OLNEDERLANDSPORTUGUÊSΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΑРУССКИЙTÜRKÇE
   This air conditioner complies with EMC Directive 2004/108/EC, LV Directive 2006/95/EC.
Ce climatiseur est conforme à la Directive EMC: 2004/108/EC, LV Directive 2006/95/EC.
Dieses Kimagerät erfüllt die EMC Direktiven 2004/108/EC, LV Direktiven 2006/95/EC.
Questo condizionatore d’aria è conforme alla Direttiva EMC: 2004/ 108/EC, LV Direttiva 2006/95/EC.
 RLC012A003A
 
Thank you for purchasing a MITSUBISHI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. Air-Conditioner. To get the best long-lasting performance, please read and follow this User’s Manual carefully before using your air-conditioner. After reading, please store the Manual in a safe place and refer to it for operational questions or in the event of any irregularities.
This air-conditioner is intended for domestic use.
Do not vent R410A into the atmosphere: R410A is a fluorinated greenhouse gas, covered by the Kyoto Protocol with a Global Warming Potential (GWP) = 1975.
Your Air Conditioning product may be marked with this symbol. It means that waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE as in directive 2012/ 19/EU) should not be mixed with general household waste. Air conditioners should be treated at an authorized treatment facility for re-use, recycling and recovery and not be disposed of in the municipal waste stream. Please contact the installer or local authority for more information.
This symbol printed in the batteries attached to your Air Conditioning product is information for end-users according to the EU directive 2013/56/
EU article 20 annex II.
Batteries, at their end-of-life, should be disposed of separately from general household waste. If a chemical symbol is printed beneath the symbol shown above, this chemical symbol means that the batteries contain a heavy metal at a certain concentration. This will be indicated as follows: Hg:mercury(0.0005%) , Cd:cadmium(0.002%) , Pb:lead(0.004%)
Please, dispose of batteries correctly at your local community waste collection or the recycling center.
The emission sound pressure level from each Indoor and Outdoor unit is under 70 dB(A).
contents
                                                                                                                                                                                          
Notices
• No part of the manuals included with this product may be reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, or translated into any language in any form, by any means, without Nikon’s prior written permission.
• Nikon reserves the right to change the appearance and specifications of the hardware and software described in these manuals at any time and without prior notice.
Notice for Customers in Canada
CAN ICES-3 B / NMB-3 B
Notices for Customers in Europe
This symbol indicates that electrical and electronic equipment is to be collected separately.
The following apply only
to users in European countries:
• This product is designated for
separate collection at an appropriate collection point. Do not dispose of as household waste.
• Separate collection and recycling helps conserve natural resources and prevent negative consequences for human health and the environment that might result from incorrect disposal.
• For more information, contact the retailer or the local authorities in charge of waste management.
• Nikon will not be held liable for any damages resulting from the use of this product.
• While every effort has been made to ensure that the information in these manuals is accurate and complete, we would appreciate it were you to bring any errors or omissions to the attention of the Nikon representative in your area (address provided separately).CAUTION: RISK OF EXPLOSION IF BATTERY IS REPLACED BY AN INCORRECT TYPE. DISPOSE OF USED BATTERIES ACCORDING TO THE INSTRUCTIONS.  xii
This symbol on the battery indicates that the battery is to be collected separately.
The following apply only to users in European countries:
• All batteries, whether marked with
this symbol or not, are designated for separate collection at an appropriate collection point. Do not dispose of as household waste.
• For more information, contact the retailer or the local authorities in charge of waste management.
Notices for Customers in the U.S.A.
   The Battery Charger
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS—SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
DANGER—TO REDUCE THE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC
SHOCK, CAREFULLY FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS
For connection to a supply not in the U.S.A., use an attachment plug adapter of the proper configuration for the power outlet if needed. This power unit is intended to be correctly oriented in a vertical or floor mount position.
 Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Radio Frequency Interference Statement
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 oftheFCCrules. Theselimitsare designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference inaresidentialinstallation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance withtheinstructions,maycauseharmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. Ifthisequipmentdoes cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
• Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
• Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/television technician for help.
  D3300
CAUTIONS
Modifications
The FCC requires the user be notified that any changes or modifications made to this device that are not expressly approved by Nikon Corporationmayvoidtheuser’s authority to operate the equipment.
Interface Cables
Use the interface cables sold or provided by Nikon for your equipment. Using other interface cables may exceed the limits of Class B Part 15 of the FCC rules.
Notice for Customers in the State of California
WARNING: Handling the cord on this product may expose you to lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.
Nikon Inc., 1300 Walt Whitman Road, Melville, New York 11747-3064, U.S.A. Tel.: 631-547-4200
xiii

xiv
Notice Concerning Prohibition of Copying or Reproduction
Note that simply being in possession of material that has been digitally copied or reproduced by means of a scanner, digital camera, or other device may be punishable by law.
• Items prohibited by law from being copied or reproduced
Do not copy or reproduce paper money, coins, securities, government bonds, or local government bonds, even if such copies or reproductions are stamped “Sample.”
The copying or reproduction of paper money, coins, or securities which are circulated in a foreign country is prohibited.
Unless the prior permission of the government has been obtained, the copying or reproduction of unused postage stamps or post cards issued by the government is prohibited.
The copying or reproduction of stamps issued by the government and of certified documents stipulated by law is prohibited.
• Cautions on certain copies and reproductions
The government has issued cautions on copies or reproductions of securities issued by private companies (shares, bills, checks, gift certificates, etc.), commuter passes, or coupon tickets, except when a minimum of necessary copies are to be provided for business use by a company. Also,donotcopyor reproduce passports issued by the government, licenses issued by public agencies and private groups, ID cards, and tickets, such as passes and meal coupons.
• Comply with copyright notices
The copying or reproduction of copyrighted creative works such as books, music, paintings, woodcuts, prints, maps, drawings, movies, and photographs is governed by national and international copyright laws. Do not use this product for the purpose of making illegal copies or to infringe copyright laws.

Disposing of Data Storage Devices
Please note that deleting images or formatting memory cards or other data storage devices does not completely erase the original image data. Deleted files can sometimes be recovered from discarded storage devices using commercially available software, potentially resulting in the malicious use of personal image data. Ensuring the privacy of such data is the user’s responsibility.
Before discarding a data storage device or transferring ownership to another person, erase all data using commercial deletion software, or format the device and then completely refill it with images containing no private information (for example, pictures of empty sky). Be sure to also replace any pictures selected for preset manual. Care should be taken to avoid injury when physically destroying data storage devices.
AVC Patent Portfolio License
THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD (“AVC VIDEO”) AND/OR (ii) DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE http://www.mpegla.com
Use Only Nikon Brand Electronic Accessories
Nikon cameras are designed to the highest standards and include complex electronic circuitry. Only Nikon brand electronic accessories (including chargers, batteries, AC adapters, and flash accessories) certified by Nikon specifically for use with this Nikon digital camera are engineered and proven to operate within the operational and safety requirements of this electronic circuitry.
The use of non-Nikon electronic accessories could damage
the camera and may void your Nikon warranty. The use of third-party rechargeable Li-ion batteries not bearing the
Nikon holographic seal shown at right could interfere with
normal operation of the camera or result in the batteries overheating, igniting, rupturing, or leaking.
For more information about Nikon brand accessories, contact a local authorized Nikon dealer.
         xv

D Use Only Nikon Brand Accessories
Only Nikon brand accessories certified by Nikon specifically for use with your Nikon digital camera are engineered and proven to operate within its operational and safety requirements. THE USE OF NON-NIKON ACCESSORIES COULD DAMAGE YOUR CAMERA AND MAY VOID YOUR NIKON WARRANTY.
A Before Taking Important Pictures
Before taking pictures on important occasions (such as at weddings or before taking the camera on a trip), take a test shot to ensure that the camera is functioning normally. Nikon will not be held liable for damages or lost profits that may result from product malfunction.
A Life-Long Learning
As part of Nikon’s “Life-Long Learning” commitment to ongoing product support and education, continually-updated information is available on-line at the following sites:
• For users in the U.S.A.: http://www.nikonusa.com/
• For users in Europe and Africa: http://www.europe-nikon.com/support/
• For users in Asia, Oceania, and the Middle East: http://www.nikon-asia.com/ Visit these sites to keep up-to-date with the latest product information, tips, answers to frequently-asked questions (FAQs), and general advice on digital imaging and photography. Additional information may be available from the Nikon representative in your area. See the following URL for contact information: http://imaging.nikon.com/

Refrigerator
User manual
Free Standing Appliance
English
2
Contents
Contents
Safety information 3
What you need to know about the safety instructions 3
Important safety symbols and precautions: 4
Important safety precautions 5
Severe warning signs for transportation and site 8
Critical installation warnings 9
Installation cautions 12
Critical usage warnings 12
Usage cautions 17
Cleaning cautions 19
Critical disposal warnings 21
Additional tips for proper usage 22
Instructions about the WEEE 23
Installation 24
Refrigerator at a glance 24
Step-by-step installation 27
Door removal for entrance 37
Operations 42
Feature panel 42
Dispenser panel (applicable models only) 47
Special features 48
Maintenance 54
Handle and care 54
Cleaning 56
Replacement 58
Troubleshooting 60
General 60
Do you hear abnormal sounds from the refrigerator? 64
English 3
Safety information
Before using your new Samsung Refrigerator, please read this manual thoroughly to
ensure that you know how to operate the features and functions that your new appliance
offers safely and efficiently.
What you need to know about the safety instructions
• Warnings and Important Safety Instructions in this manual do not
cover all possible conditions and situations that may occur.
It is your responsibility to use common sense, caution, and care
when installing, maintaining, and operating your appliance.
• Because these following operating instructions cover various
models, the characteristics of your refrigerator may differ slightly
from those described in this manual and not all warning signs may
be applicable. If you have any questions or concerns, contact your
nearest service center or find help and information online at www.
samsung.com.
• R-600a or R-134a is used as a refrigerant. Check the compressor
label on the rear of the appliance or the rating label inside the
fridge to see which refrigerant is used for your appliance. When
this product contains flammable gas (Refrigerant R-600a), contact
your local authority in regard to safe disposal of this product.
• In order to avoid the creation of a flammable gas-air mixture
if a leak in the refrigerating circuit occurs, the size of the room
in which the appliance may be sited depends on the amount of
refrigerant used.
• Never start up an appliance showing any signs of damage. If in
doubt, consult your dealer. The room must be 1 m3 in size for
every 8 g of R-600a refrigerant inside the appliance.
The amount of refrigerant in your particular appliance is shown on
the identification plate inside the appliance.
Safety information
Safety information
English
4
Safety information
• Refrigerant squirting out of the pipes could ignite or cause an eye
injury. When refrigerant leaks from the pipe, avoid any naked
flames and move anything flammable away from the product and
ventilate the room immediately.
-
Failing to do so may result in fire or explosion.
Important safety symbols and precautions:
Please follow all safety instructions in this manual. This manual uses
the following safety symbols.
WARNING
Hazards or unsafe practices that may result in severe personal injury,
property damage, and/or death.
CAUTION
Hazards or unsafe practices that may result in severe personal injury
and/or property damage.
NOTE
Useful information that helps users understand or benefit from the
refrigerator.
These warning signs are here to prevent injury to you and others.
Please follow them carefully.
After reading this section, keep it in a safe place for future reference.
English 5
Safety information
Important safety precautions
Warning; Risk of fire / flammable materials
WARNING
• When positioning the appliance, ensure the supply cord is not
trapped or damaged.
• Do not locate multiple portable socket-outlets or portable power
supplies at the rear of the appliance.
• Fill with potable water only.
• Connect to potable water supply only.
• Keep ventilation openings, in the appliance enclosure or in the
built-in structure, clear of obstruction.
• Do not use mechanical devices or any other means to accelerate
the defrosting process, other than those recommended by the
manufacturer.
• Do not damage the refrigerant circuit.
• Do not use electrical appliances inside the food storage
compartments of the appliance, unless they are of the type
recommended by the manufacturer.
• This appliance is not intended for use by persons (including
children) with reduced physical, sensory, or mental capabilities,
or those who lack experience and knowledge, unless they have
been given supervision or instruction concerning the use of the
appliance by a person responsible for their safety.
Safety information
English
6
Safety information
• This appliance can be used by children aged from 8 years and
above and persons with reduced physical, sensory or mental
capabilities or lack of experience and knowledge if they have been
given supervision or instruction concerning use of the appliance in
a safe way and understand the hazards involved.
Children shall not play with the appliance. Cleaning and user
maintenance shall not be made by children without supervision.
• If the supply cord is damaged, it must be replaced by the
manufacturer, its service agent or similarly qualified persons in
order to avoid a hazard.
• The socket must be easily accessible so that the appliance can be
quickly disconnected from the supply in an emergency.
-
It must be outside the area of the rear of the appliance.
• Do not store explosive substances such as aerosol cans with a
flammable propellant in this appliance.
• If the product is equipped with LED lamps, do not disassemble the
Lamp Covers and LED lamps yourself.
-
Contact a Samsung service center.
-
Use only the LED Lamps provided by the manufacturer or its
service agents.
• New hose-sets supplied with the appliance are to be used and old
hose-sets should not be reused.
• Have the refrigerator’s water supply connected only to a potable
water supply. To operate the ice maker properly, water pressure
of 206 ~ 861 kPa (30 ~ 125 psi) is required.
• For the most efficient use of energy, please keep the all inner
fittings such as baskets, drawers, shelves on the position supplied
by manufacturer.
• To get the best energy efficiency of this product, please leave all
shelves, drawers and baskets on their original position.
English 7
Safety information
How to minimize the energy consumption
• Install the appliance in a cool, dry room with adequate ventilation.
• Ensure that it is not exposed to direct sunlight and never put it
near a direct source of heat (radiator, for example).
-
Not to block any vents or grilles is recommended for energy
efficiency.
-
Allow warm food to cool down before placing it in the
appliance.
-
Put frozen food in the refrigerator to thaw. You can then use
the low temperatures of the frozen products to cool food in the
refrigerator.
-
Do not keep the door of the appliance open for too long when
putting food in or taking food out.
-
The shorter time for which the door is open, the less ice will
form in the freezer.
-
Clean the rear of the refrigerator regularly. Dust increases
energy consumption.
-
Do not set temperature colder than necessary.
-
Ensure sufficient air exhaust at the refrigerator base and at the
back wall of the refrigerator. Do not cover air vent openings.
-
Allow clearance to the right, left, back and top when installing.
This will help reduce power consumption and keep your energy
bills lower.
This appliance is intended to be used in household and similar
applications such as
-
staff kitchen areas in shops, offices and other working
environments;
Safety information
English
8
Safety information
-
farm houses and by clients in hotels, motels and other
residential type environments;
-
bed and breakfast type environments;
-
catering and similar non-retail applications.
Severe warning signs for transportation and site
WARNING
• When transporting and installing the appliance, care should be
taken to ensure that no parts of the refrigerating circuit are
damaged.
-
Refrigerant leaking from the pipe work could ignite or cause
an eye injury. If a leak is detected, avoid any naked flames
or potential sources of ignition and air the room in which the
appliance is standing for several minutes.
-
This appliance contains a small amount of isobutane refrigerant
(R-600a), a natural gas with high environmental compatibility
that is, however, also combustible. When transporting and
installing the appliance, care should be taken to ensure that no
parts of the refrigerating circuit are damaged.
• When transporting and installing the refrigerator, do not touch the
water hose on the back side of the refrigerator.
-
This may damage the refrigerator and as a result the water
dispenser can not be used.
English 9
Safety information
Critical installation warnings
WARNING
• Do not install the refrigerator in a damp location or place where it
may come in contact with water.
-
Deteriorated insulation on electrical parts may cause an electric
shock or fire.
• Do not place this refrigerator in direct sunlight or expose it to the
heat from stoves, room heaters, or other appliances.
• Do not plug several appliances into the same multiple power strip.
The refrigerator should always be plugged into its own individual
electrical outlet which has a voltage rating that matches the
voltage listed on the refrigerator’s rating plate.
-
This provides the best performance and also prevents
overloading of house wiring circuits, which could cause a fire
hazard from overheated wires.
• If the wall socket is loose, do not insert the power plug.
-
There is a risk of electric shock of fire.
• Do not use a power cord that has cracks or abrasion damage along
its length or at either end.
• Do not bend the power cord excessively or place heavy objects on
it.
• Do not pull or excessively bend the power cord.
• Do not twist or tie the power cord.
• Do not hook the power cord over a metal object, place a heavy
object on the power cord, insert the power cord between objects,
or push the power cord into the space behind the appliance.
• When moving the refrigerator, be careful not to roll over or
damage the power cord.
-
This may result in an electric shock or fire.
Safety information
English
10
Safety information
• Never unplug your refrigerator by pulling on the power cord.
Always grip the plug firmly and pull straight out from the outlet.
-
Damage to the cord may cause a short-circuit, fire, and/or
electric shock.
• Do not use aerosols near the refrigerator.
-
Using aerosols near the refrigerator may cause an explosion or
fire.
• Do not install this appliance near a heater or inflammable material.
• Do not install this appliance in a location where gas may leak.
-
This may result in an electric shock or fire.
• This refrigerator must be properly located and installed in
accordance with the instructions in this manual before you use it.
• Connect the power plug in the proper position with the cord
hanging down.
-
If you connect the power plug upside down, the wire can get
cut off and cause a fire or electric shock.
• Make sure that the power plug is not crushed or damaged by the
back of the refrigerator.
• Keep the packing materials out of reach of children.
-
There is a risk of death from suffocation if a child puts the
packing materials on his or her head.
• Do not install this appliance in a humid, oily or dusty location, in a
location exposed to direct sunlight and water (rain drops).
-
Deteriorated insulation of electrical parts may cause an electric
shock or fire.
• If any dust or water is in the refrigerator, pull out power plug and
contact your Samsung Electronics service center.
-
Otherwise there is a risk of fire.
English 11
Safety information
• Do not stand on top of the appliance or place objects (such as
laundry, lighted candles, lighted cigarettes, dishes, chemicals,
metal objects, etc.) on the appliance.
-
This may result in an electric shock, fire, problems with the
product, or injury.
• You need to remove all the protective plastic film before you
initially plug the product in.
• Children should be supervised to ensure that they do not play with
the snap rings used for door adjustment or the water tube clips.
-
There is risk of death by suffocation if a child swallows a snap
ring or water tube clip. Keep the snap rings and water tube clips
out of children’s reach.
• The refrigerator must be safely grounded.
-
Always make sure that you have grounded the refrigerator
before attempting to investigate or repair any part of the
appliance. Power leakages can cause severe electric shock.
• Never use gas pipes, telephone lines, or other potential lightning
attractors as an electrical ground.
-
You must ground the refrigerator to prevent any power
leakages or electric shocks caused by current leakage from the
refrigerator.
-
This may result in an electric shock, fire, explosion, or problems
with the product.
• Plug the power plug into the wall socket firmly. Do not use a
damaged power plug, damaged power cord, or loose wall socket.
-
This may result in an electric shock or fire.
• The fuse on the refrigerator must be changed by a qualified
technician or service company.
-
Failing to do so may result in an electric shock or personal
injury.
Safety information
English
12
Safety information
Installation cautions
CAUTION
• Allow sufficient space around the refrigerator and install it on a
flat surface.
-
If your refrigerator is not level, cooling efficiency and durability
can be declined.
• Allow the appliance to stand for 2-3 hours before loading foods
after installation and turning on.
• We strongly recommend you have a qualified technician or service
company install the refrigerator.
-
Failing to do so may result in an electric shock, fire, explosion,
problems with the product, or injury.
Critical usage warnings
WARNING
• Do not insert the power plug into a wall socket with wet hands.
-
This may result in an electric shock.
• Do not store articles on the top of the appliance.
-
When you open or close the door, the articles may fall and
cause personal injury and/or material damage.
• Do not insert hands, feet or metal objects (such as chopsticks, etc.)
into the bottom or the back of the refrigerator.
-
This may result in an electric shock or injury.
-
Any sharp edges may cause a personal injury.
• Do not touch the inside walls of the freezer or products stored in
the freezer with wet hands.
-
This may cause frostbite.
• Do not put a container filled with water on the refrigerator.
-
If spilled, there is a risk of fire or electric shock.
English 13
Safety information
• Do not keep volatile or flammable objects or substances (benzene,
thinner, propane gas, alcohol, ether, LP gas, and other such
products) in the refrigerator.
-
This refrigerator is for storing food only.
-
This may result in fire or explosion.
• Children should be supervised to ensure that they do not play with
the appliance.
-
Keep fingers out of “pinch point” areas. Clearances between the
doors and cabinet are necessarily small. Be careful when you
open the doors if children are in the area.
• Do not put your fingers or children's fingers between the doors.
-
Keep fingers out of the left and right door gaps. Be careful
when you open the doors if your fingers are in between the
doors.
• Do not let children hang on the door or door bins. A serious injury
may occur.
• Do not let children go inside the refrigerator. They could become
trapped.
• Do not insert your hands into the bottom area under the appliance.
-
Any sharp edges may cause personal injury.
• Do not store pharmaceutical products, scientific materials, or
temperature sensitive products in the refrigerator.
-
Products that require strict temperature controls must not be
stored in the refrigerator.
• If you smell pharmaceutical or smoke, pull out power plug
immediately and contact your Samsung Electronics service center.
• If any dust or water is in Refrigerator, pull out power plug and
contact your Samsung Electronics service center.
-
Otherwise there is a risk of fire.
Safety information
English
14
Safety information
• Do not let children step on a drawer.
-
The drawer may break and cause them to slip.
• Do not leave the doors of the refrigerator open while the
refrigerator is unattended and do not let children enter inside the
refrigerator.
• Do not allow babies or children go inside the drawer.
-
It can cause death from suffocation by entrapment or personal
injury.
• Do not overfill the refrigerator with food.
-
When you open the door, an item may fall out and cause
personal injury or material damage.
• Do not spray volatile material such as insecticide onto the surface
of the appliance.
-
As well as being harmful to humans, it may also result in an
electric shock, fire, or problems with the product.
• Never put fingers or other objects into the water dispenser hole,
ice chute and ice maker bucket.
-
It may cause a personal injury or material damage.
• Do not use or place any substances sensitive to temperature such
as flammable sprays, flammable objects, dry ice, medicine, or
chemicals near or inside of the refrigerator.
• Do not use a hair dryer to dry the inside of the refrigerator. Do
not place a lighted candle in the refrigerator for removing bad
odours.
-
This may result in an electric shock or fire.
• Fill the water tank, ice tray and water cubes only with potable
water (mineral water or purified water).
-
Do not fill the tank with tea, juice or sports drink, this may
damage the refrigerator.
English 15
Safety information
• Do not stand on top of the appliance or place objects (such as
laundry, lighted candles, lighted cigarettes, dishes, chemicals,
metal objects, etc.) on the appliance. This may result in an electric
shock, fire, problems with the product, or injury. Do not put a
container filled with water on the appliance.
-
If spilled, there is a risk of fire or electric shock.
• Never stare directly at the UV LED lamp for long periods of time.
-
This may result in eye strain due to the ultraviolet rays.
• Do not put shelf in upside down. Shelf stopper could not work.
-
It may cause a personal injury because of glass shelf drop.
• Keep fingers out of “pinch point” areas. Clearances between the
doors and cabinet are necessarily small. Be careful when you open
the doors if children are in the area.
• If a gas leak is detected, avoid any naked flames or potential
sources of ignition, and air the room in which the appliance is
standing for several minutes.
-
Do not touch the appliance or power cord.
-
Do not use a ventilating fan.
-
A spark may result in explosion or fire.
• Bottles should be stored tightly together so that they do not fall
out.
• This product is intended only for the storage of food in a domestic
environment.
• Never put fingers or other objects into the water dispenser hole,
ice chute and ice maker bucket.
-
It may cause a personal injury or material damage.
• Do not attempt to repair, disassemble, or modify the refrigerator
yourself.
• Do not use any fuse (such as cooper, steel wire, etc.) other than a
standard fuse.
Safety information
English
16
Safety information
• If your refrigerator needs to be repaired or reinstalled, contact
your nearest service center.
-
Failing to do so may result in an electric shock, fire, problems
with the product, or injury.
• If the refrigerator emits a burning smell or smoke, unplug the
refrigerator immediately and contact your Samsung Electronics
service center.
-
Failing to do so may result in an electric or fire hazards.
• Pull the power plug out of the socket before changing the interior
lamps of the refrigerator.
-
Otherwise, there is a risk of electric shock.
• If you experience difficulty changing a non-LED light, contact a
Samsung service center.
• Plug the power plug into the wall socket firmly.
• Do not use a damaged power plug, damaged power cord or loose
wall socket.
-
This may result in an electric shock or fire.
English 17
Safety information
Usage cautions
CAUTION
• Do not refreeze thawed food.
-
Frozen and thawed food will develop harmful bacteria faster
than fresh.
-
The second thaw will break down even more cells, leaching out
moisture and changing the integrity of the product.
• Do not thaw meat at room temperature.
-
Safety will depend on whether the raw product was handled
properly.
• Do not place glass bottles or carbonated beverages into the
freezer.
-
The container may freeze and break, and this may result in
injury.
• Use only the ice maker provided with the refrigerator.
• If you will be away from home for a long period of time (on
vacation, for example) and won’t be using the water or ice
dispensers, close the water valve.
-
Otherwise, water leakage may occur.
• If you won’t be using the refrigerator for a very long period of
time, (3 weeks or more) empty the refrigerator including the ice
bucket, unplug it, close the water valve, wipe excess moisture
from the inside walls, and leave the doors open to prevent odors
and mold.
• To get the best performance from the product:
-
Do not place food too close to the vents at the rear of the
refrigerator as this can obstruct free air circulation in the
refrigerator compartment.
-
Wrap food up properly or place it in airtight containers before
putting it into the refrigerator.
Safety information
English
18
Safety information
-
Please observe maximum storage times and expiration dates of
frozen goods.
-
There is no need to disconnect the refrigerator from the power
supply if you will be away for less than three weeks. However,
if you will be away for more than three weeks, remove all the
food and ice in the ice bucket, unplug the refrigerator, close the
water valve, wipe excess moisture from the inside walls, and
leave the doors open to prevent odors and mold.
• Service Warranty and Modification.
-
Any changes or modifications performed by a 3rd party on this
finished appliance are not covered under Samsung warranty
service, nor is Samsung responsible for safety issues that result
from 3rd party modifications.
• Do not block the air vents inside the refrigerator.
-
If the air vents are blocked, especially with a plastic bag, the
refrigerator can be over cooled. If a cooling period lasts too
long, the water filter may break and cause water leakage.
• Use only the ice-maker provided with the refrigerator.
• Wipe excess moisture from the inside and leave the doors open.
-
Otherwise, odor and mold may develop.
• If the refrigerator is disconnected from the power supply, you
should wait for at least five minutes before plugging it back in.
• When the refrigerator got wet by water, pull out the power plug
and contact your Samsung Electronics service center.
• Do not strike or apply excessive force to any glass surface.
-
Broken glass may result in a personal injury and/or property
damage.
English 19
Safety information
• Fill the water tank and ice cube trays with potable water only (tap
water, mineral water, or purified water).
-
Do not fill the tank with tea or a sports drink. This may damage
the refrigerator.
• Be careful that your fingers are not caught in.
• If the refrigerator is flooded, make sure to contact your nearest
service center.
-
There is a risk of electric shock or fire.
• Do not keep vegetable oil in your refrigerator’s door bins. The oil
can solidify, making it foul-tasting and difficult to use. In addition,
the open container can leak and the leaked oil can cause the door
bin to crack. After opening an oil container, it is best to keep the
container in a cool and shaded place such as a cupboard or pantry.
-
Examples of vegetable oil: olive oil, corn oil, grape-seed oil, etc.
Cleaning cautions
CAUTION
• Do not spray water directly on the inside or outside the
refrigerator.
-
There is a risk of fire or electric shock.
• Do not use a hair dryer to dry the inside of the refrigerator.
• Do not place a lighted candle in the refrigerator to remove bad
odors.
-
This may result in an electric shock or fire.
• Do not spray cleaning products directly on the display.
-
Printed letters on the display may come off.
• If any foreign substance such as water has entered the appliance,
unplug the power plug and contact your nearest service center.
-
Failing to do so may result in an electric shock or fire.
Safety information
English
20
Safety information
• Use a clean, dry cloth to remove any foreign matter or dust from
the power plug blades. Do not use a wet or damp cloth when
cleaning the plug.
-
Otherwise, there is a risk of fire or electric shock.
• Do not clean the appliance by spraying water directly onto it.
• Do not use benzene, thinner, or Clorox, Chloride for cleaning.
-
They may damage the surface of the appliance and may cause a
fire.
• Never put fingers or other objects into the dispenser hole.
-
It may cause a personal injury or material damage.
• Before cleaning or performing maintenance, unplug the appliance
from the wall socket.
-
Failing to do so may result in an electric shock or fire.
• Use a clean sponge or soft cloth and a mild detergent in warm
water to clean the refrigerator.
• Do not use abrasive or harsh cleansers such as window sprays,
scouring cleansers, flammable fluids, muriatic acid, cleaning
waxes, concentrated detergents, bleaches, or cleansers containing
petroleum products on exterior surfaces (doors and cabinet),
plastic parts, door and interior liners, and gaskets.
-
These can scratch or damage the material.
• Do not clean glass shelves or covers with warm water when they
are cold. Glass shelves and covers may break if exposed to sudden
temperature changes or impacts such as bumping or dropping.
English 21
Safety information
Critical disposal warnings
WARNING
• Please dispose of the packaging material from this product in an
environmentally friendly manner.
• Ensure that none of the pipes on the back of the refrigerator are
damaged prior to disposal.
• R-600a or R-134a is used as a refrigerant. Check the compressor
label on the rear of the appliance or the rating label inside the
fridge to see which refrigerant is used for your refrigerator. If this
refrigerator contains flammable gas (Refrigerant R-600a), contact
your local authority in regard to safe disposal of this product.
• When disposing of this refrigerator, remove the door/door seals
and door latch so that small children or animals cannot become
trapped inside. Children should be supervised to ensure that they
do not play with the appliance. If trapped inside, a child may get
hurt or suffocate to death.
-
If trapped inside, the child may become injury and suffocate to
death.
• Cyclopentane is used in the insulation. The gases in the insulation
material require a special disposal procedure. Please contact your
local authorities in regard to the environmentally safe disposal of
this product.
• Keep all packaging materials well out of the reach of children, as
packaging materials can be dangerous to children.
-
If a child places a bag over his or her head, the child could
suffocate.
Safety information
English
22
Safety information
Additional tips for proper usage
• In the event of a power failure, call the local office of your electric
company and ask how long the failure is going to last.
-
Most power failures that are corrected in an hour or two will
not affect your refrigerator temperatures. However, you should
minimize the number of door openings while the power is off.
-
Should the power failure last more than 24 hours, remove and
discard all frozen food.
• The refrigerator might not operate consistently (frozen contents
can thaw or temperatures can become too warm in the frozen
food compartment) if sited for an extended period of time in a
location where ambient air temperatures are constantly below the
temperatures for which the appliance is designed.
• In case of particular foods, keeping it under refrigeration can have
a bad effect on preservation due to its properties.
• Your appliance is frost free, which means there is no need
to manually defrost your appliance. This will be carried out
automatically.
• Temperature rise during defrosting complies with ISO
requirements. If you want to prevent an undue rise in the
temperature of frozen food while the appliance defrosts, wrap the
frozen food in several layers of newspaper.
• Do not re-freeze frozen foods that have thawed completely.
• The temperature of two star section (sections) or compartment
(compartments) which have two star symbol ( ) is slightly higher
than other freezer compartment (compartments).
The two star section (sections) or compartment (compartments) is
(are) based on the instruction and/or the condition as delivered.
English 23
Safety information
Instructions about the WEEE
Correct Disposal of This Product (Waste Electrical & Electronic
Equipment)
(Applicable in countries with separate collection systems)
This marking on the product, accessories or literature indicates
that the product and its electronic accessories (e.g. charger,
headset, USB cable) should not be disposed of with other
household waste at the end of their working life. To prevent
possible harm to the environment or human health from
uncontrolled waste disposal, please separate these items from
other types of waste and recycle them responsibly to promote the
sustainable reuse of material resources.
For more information on safe disposal and recycling visit our
website www.samsung.com/in/support or contact our Helpline
numbers - 1800 40 SAMSUNG
 Maintenance and Care
1. Always ensure to clean the appliance only after it has cooled down and the plug is removed from the electric socket.
2. To clean the appliance use a soft and clean damp cloth.
3. It is important to clean dust and lint regularly from the rear grill and clean it with
a soft brush.
4. Never use any chemical, alcohol, thinner, benzene or remover to clean the
appliance.
5. Never immerse the appliance in water or any other liquid to clean.
6. After cleaning the appliance keep the appliance in a safe and dry place free of
dust or hang it with the hanging loop.
7. Do not wind/wrap the main wire cord around the appliance.
Electromagnetic fields (EMF)
This appliance meets the standards of electromagnetic fields (EMF). If handled properly according to the instructions in this User Manual, the appliance is safe to use.
Environment
To protect the environment, don’t discard the appliance with the normal household waste at the end of its life. It is recommended / suggested to dispose off the applianceattheauthorizedorregisterede-wastedismantler(s)/recycler(s) to save the environment. By doing this, you can help to preserve the environment and also some materials can be recycled or recovered in this way.
Warranty
Vega Industries Private Limited hereinafter referred to as "VEGA" offers warranty only on it's personal care appliances (VEGA Hair Straightener, VEGA Hair Dryer and VEGA Hair Curler only) against any manufacturing defect for a period of two years from the date of purchase of the appliance. This non-transferable warranty is only for the first end user on purchase from "VEGA" dealer. "VEGA" will repair or replace the appliance on the terms and conditions mentioned as below:
Terms and Conditions
1. Warranty will be valid only when the valid warranty card and original purchase invoice of the appliance are presented together for rendering our services.
2. The warranty card must have the dealer stamp which should be legible along
with the date of purchase mentioned clearly in the (DD/MM/YYYY) format. The warranty will not be valid and accepted in case the dealer stamp is not there on the warranty card or if the same is not legible.
3. Customer has to show together the original warranty card and original purchase invoice. In the event of failing to do so, the warranty will not be valid.
4. "VEGA" reserves the right to decline all warranty services, if the above documents are not presented or if the information contained therein is not complete.
5. Warranty will not be valid if the original purchase invoice or the original warranty card is found tampered with.
6. Warranty takes care of only manufacturing defect of the product during warranty period.
7. "VEGA", at its sole discretion will repair or replace the defective parts or replace the appliance if required.
8. Repair of the appliance which is under warranty will be carried out by "VEGA" only. In such cases, "VEGA" carries out repairs or replacement of any part or replacement of the appliance during the said warranty period. The warranty shall thereafter continue only for the remaining period of the warranty.
9. This warranty does not cover any form of damage resulting from dust, foreign object, fire, water, fall, input voltage fluctuation, mishandling, commercial use, dismantling, lightening, flood or any act of natural calamity and use contrary to the operations specified in the User Manual supplied with the appliance.
10. This warranty is valid only in India.
11. "VEGA" will not accept any responsibility for damage if the appliance is
dismantled or repaired (including repair of any accessories or attachments) by a person not authorized by "VEGA". In such a case the warranty will not be valid.
12. "VEGA" will not cover any responsibility for damage due to improper care of the appliance or loss arising out of mishandling or one that incurred during transit.
13. Thiswarrantydoesnotcoverthecostoftransportationoftheproductfromthe place of the customer to the service center of "VEGA".
14. "VEGA"shallnotbeliableorbedeemedtobeindefaultforanydelayorfailure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from causes beyond its reasonable control.
15. This warranty restriction in no way affects your right under statutory laws.
16. In the event of any difference or dispute arising with reference to the terms and conditions of the warranty or their interpretation, the same shall be referred to a sole arbitrator, who shall be appointed by the Company's Directors. The decision of the sole arbitrator shall be final and binding on both the parties. Such arbitration proceedings shall be held at New Delhi and provision of the Arbitration & Conciliations Act 1996 shall apply to the
arbitration proceedings.
17. In case you have any questions, please feel free to contact us on our
customer care number at +91-120-4170000 (Monday to Friday 10am-5pm 1ST) excluding holidays or email us at customercare@vega.co.in
Technical specifications
Voltage: 220-240V, 50/60Hz Power: 1000W
INSTA GLAM 1000
Vega Industries Private Limited
B-43, Sector-80, Phase-II Noida, U.P. - 201305, India
                                                   VEGA HAIR DRYER
Thank you for selecting your new VEGA Hair Dryer appliance. This VEGA Hair Dryer is known for its performance and reliability. This manual provides you with all the information you need such as how to use, safety instructions, styling tips, taking care of your hair dryer to give you beautiful hair.
 This appliance is not intended for use by persons (including children and infants)
with reduced physical, sensory or mental capabilities, or lack of experience and  knowledge, unless they have been given proper supervision and instructions  concerning the use of this appliance by a person responsible for their safety.
 Do not insert any object/particle into the inlet and outlet grills to avoid electric  shock and any damage to the appliance. 
Detachable Nozzle
ON/OFF switch
Important general safety instructions
Please note it is important to read this VEGA User Manual for all the safety instructions before using your VEGA Hair Dryer appliance and save it for future reference or for any new user. Do not use the appliance if you do not understand or cannot read any instruction, direction, information, caution and warning given in this User Manual. The safety instructions explained in this User Manual help you to use the VEGA Hair Dryer appliance safely and correctly, and also to prevent you from injuring yourself or others.
5.
Air Inlet
OFF
Low heat setting High heat setting
Hanging loop with cord guard
 Never block the inlet or outlet grills.
 Always ensure that the inlet and outlet grills are free from obstruction such as
household fluff, loose hair etc.
 Keep your hands away from the air outlet, it may cause burns. If the air inlet is damaged, stop using the hair dryer immediately.
 Make sure that hair does not get sucked into air inlets.
 Always ensure to keep your hair at least 10cm away from the air inlet while using the appliance. Failure to do so may result in your hair getting sucked in and trapped in the hair dryer.
 While using the appliance, always keep your hair away from the air outlet. Failure to do so may result in getting hair burnt.
 Do not leave the appliance unattended while it is plugged in the electric socket or switched on.
 Unplug the appliance immediately if you face any problem while using it.
 Never block the air openings of the appliance or place it on a soft surface, such as a bed or couch, where the air openings may get blocked. Keep the air openings free of lint, hair, etc.
 Stop using the hair dryer immediately if it does not produce constant air or the cord/plug is damaged or becomes too hot or if the plug does not fit properly in the electric socket.

  
 
Not following any of the below mentioned instructions may cause malfunction, fire, burns, explosions, short circuit, electric shock or any other injury.
 Keep this appliance out of the reach of children or infants.

 
Do not cover the appliance with any article, such as a towel or clothing while the appliance is hot. Keep it on a heat resistant surface.
Use this appliance only for its intended use as described in this manual.
Do not use any attachments or accessories or parts of any other manufacturer or any equipment that VEGA does not recommend.
Do not use an extension cord to operate this appliance.
Do not place the appliance on plastic or any material/surface sensitive to heat while it is operating or if it is hot.
Do not use this appliance with any voltage converter.
Always inspect the appliance before use, do not use the appliance if the cord or plug seems damaged.
Do not use the appliance if it is not working properly or smells of burning. Stop using the appliance immediately.
Do not wind/wrap the main wire cord around the appliance.
Avoid using thinner, benzene or any other solvent to clean the appliance.
For additional protection, we advise you to install a residual current device (RCD) in the electrical circuit that supplies electrical power to the bathroom. This RCD must have a rated residual operating current not higher than 30mA. Ask a qualified electrician for advice.
This appliance is intended for household use only.
We do not accept any responsibility for damage to the appliance, person/s, or other item/s caused by misuse, abuse or non compliance with the instructions mentioned in this User Manual.
How to use the Hair Dryer
Before operating this appliance, you must always ensure that the voltage indicated on the appliance corresponds to the local power voltage. Ensurethatyourhandsarethoroughlydrybeforeyouoperatethehairdryer. Inserttheplugofthehairdryerintotheelectricsocketandturniton.
 The hair dryer has an automatic overheat cut out feature. It will stop working if it
overheats. Switch off the hair dryer and unplug it from the socket. Let the dryer
cool down for 5-8 minutes before switching it on again. 6.
 Always switch off the hair dryer ("0" position) after use and unplug it from the 7. electric socket. Failure to do so may lead to fire and/or an accident. 8.
to the first setting and to change the heat/speed setting, wait for 30 seconds and switch to the next setting. Usetheapplianceinthecorrectwaybyholdingthehandlewheninuse.
For gentle drying of slightly wet hair, switch the dryer to the (I) Low heat setting. For fast drying of wet and thick hair, switch the dryer to (II) High heat setting. Once you are done with the hair drying process, turn off the appliance by switching it to “0” position, unplug the cord and allow the appliance to cool down completely before storing.
Styling tip for different styles
Wash your hair and blow dry to remove excess moisture.
Use the hair dryer along with your Vega hair brush while, directing hot air through a section of hair at a time. Direct air flow at hair, not on the scalp.
Hair dryer models having concentrator/nozzle help to concentrate air flow into a specific area enabling you to have more control while styling.
To avoid over drying, do not concentrate on one section for a long period of time. Keep air flow moving as you style.
To create curls, use Vega hot curl brush with hair dryer.
To create extra volume, turn head upside down while drying. Position the air flow towards the roots for maximum lift. When hair is dry, toss head back and brush hair into place.
Work with hair in sections when creating a super straight look. Using a Vega flat brush, hold hair firmly in each section as you dry through to ends.
Natural looking waves are easily created by grasping the hair and scrunching it between fingertips while drying.
 To protect against electric shock, never allow the appliance, its cord or plug to come into contact with water or any other liquid.
 Do not use this appliance near water or any other liquid.
 Do not use or place this appliance near basin, sink, bath tub or at any place from
where this appliance may fall in any vessel containing water or any other liquid.
 Never reach for any electrical appliance that has fallen into water or any other liquid. Immediately switch off the power supply at the main breaker and, then unplug.
 Do not attempt to re-use the appliance if it has been submerged in water or any other liquid.
 Do not handle this appliance with wet hands. Ensure that your hands are completely dry before operating or adjusting any switch on the appliance or touching the plug.
 Before you connect this appliance, ensure that the voltage indicated on the appliance corresponds to the local power voltage.
 
 
 
 If the plug does not fit fully in the electric socket, reverse the plug. If it still does not  fit, contact a qualified electrician.
 Do not use this appliance near flammable objects such as benzene, aerosol cans,  spray products or any other toiletries.
 Always unplug the appliance after use even if the appliance is switched off, the electric current still reaches the device.
1.
2.
3.
4. This hair dryer comes with 2 heat/speed settings. To start the hair dryer, switch on
  0
I
II
                                     